BRCA_binary_matrix      TCGA Brest Cancer data
BiRewire-package        The BiRewire package
birewire.analysis.bipartite
                        Analysis of Jaccard similarity trends across
                        switching steps.
birewire.analysis.dsg   Analysis of Jaccard similarity trends across
                        switching steps.
birewire.analysis.undirected
                        Analysis of Jaccard similarity trends across
                        switching steps.
birewire.bipartite.from.incidence
                        Converts an incidence matrix into a bipartite
                        graph.
birewire.build.dsg      Transform a dsg object in a SIF file.
birewire.induced.bipartite
                        Transform a SIF data frame into a dsg object (a
                        list of positive and negative incidence
                        matrix).
birewire.load.dsg       Read a SIF file from a given path
birewire.rewire.bipartite
                        Efficient rewiring of bipartite graphs
birewire.rewire.bipartite.and.projections
                        Analysis and rewiring function processing a
                        bipartite graphs and its two projections
birewire.rewire.dsg     Efficient rewiring of directed signed graphs
birewire.rewire.undirected
                        Efficient rewiring of undirected graphs
birewire.sampler.bipartite
                        Efficient generation of a null model for a
                        given bipartite graph
birewire.sampler.dsg    Efficient generation of a null model for a
                        given dsg.
birewire.sampler.undirected
                        Efficient generation of a null model for a
                        given undirected graph
birewire.similarity     Compute the Jaccard similarity index between
                        two binary matrices with the same number of
                        non-null entries and the sam row- and
                        column-wise sums.
birewire.similarity.dsg
                        Compute the Jaccard similarity index between
                        dsg.
birewire.slum.to.sparseMatrix
                        The function transforms a triplet sparse matrix
                        from slum package to a Matrix sparse matrix.
birewire.visual.monitoring.bipartite
                        Visual monitoring of the Markov chain
                        underlying the SA for directed graphs.
birewire.visual.monitoring.dsg
                        Visual monitoring of the Markov chain
                        underlying the SA for dsgs.
birewire.visual.monitoring.undirected
                        Visual monitoring of the Markov chain
                        underlying the SA for undirected graphs.
test_dsg                Tool example of dsg
